Did you know the first traffic light
involved a police officer manually
pulling a lever to rotate panes of red
and green glass in front of a gas lamp?
It only lasted a month before it
exploded. The solution to this problem,
it turns out, is surprisingly similar to
how today's video sponsor Anker solved a
major issue with chargers. At first,
cities added timers so the lights would
change on a fixed schedule. But the
issue is traffic doesn't always follow a
schedule, which means that cars end up
stuck at red lights even when there's no
one else on the road. So, cities have
come up with a solution by burying
inductive loop sensors in the road that
act like massive metal detectors. When a
giant block of metal, like your car,
drives through their magnetic field, the
system knows that you're waiting. But
there's a problem. They can only pick up
a few cars at a time. So, now some
cities use cameras that count how many
cars are piling up at any time. And that
way, the entire networks of traffic
lights can then be coordinated in real
time, constantly adjusting which lights
to switch to keep traffic flowing
smoothly. No more empty intersections
stuck on red. It's a similar problem
when you plug in your devices. Most
chargers are as inefficient as old
traffic lights. Anker Prime's PowerIQ
5.0 identifies each device's power needs
the moment you plug it in, it assigns
the right wattage, and then it rechecks
every 2 minutes to make sure the power's
always going where it's needed the most.
If anything seems abnormal, it will
adjust its output power immediately. So,
hit the link in the description to grab
the Anker Prime today.